We used to go down to the Celtic deep in the late 80s, early 90s, and no one else was,
you know, just a few fishing boats were out there. And we saw a lot of sharks,
we saw a lot of common dolphins, we saw some, I remember one day seeing a massive
breach of some animal, but we never actually got to it. Something
possibly like a, you know, a humpback breaching. It was a big animal breached, a long, but it was
in the far distance. I almost had his name, and his name used to come regularly where there's been
groups. And we were all sitting all over the Sault Lair, we'd stopped for lunch, flat calm day,
and we were all sitting all over the wheelhouse of the Sault Lair and all that, and we were all
lounging around on the front of the boat. And just me and this guy saw it, and we were all sitting
chatting, and just suddenly went, did you see that? And he said, and he did, but nobody else on the
boat did. He said, yeah, I did, I did. And we steeped, jumped on the, you know, in the boat,
fired up, headed over, headed over, headed over. And before I think we really got to that area,
we bumped into some common dolphins, and so everybody was distracted.